how's everybody doing today I hope
everybody's doing well I've got a
phenomenal DVD pickup today
it's Futurama the complete collection
it's pretty awesome it comes in this
phenomenal bender head really beautiful
well done set it's got all 72 episodes
of the original series along with four
movies Bender's Big Score the Beast with
a billion backs Bender's game into the
wild green yonder there's 19 total discs
tons of features on it audio commentary
by Matt Groening and David X Cohen Auto
commentary by all the people the voices
from the whole cast John DiMaggio just
everybody
lots of animated stuff storyboard docu
uh
docudrama Rama how we make Futurama so
good a louder louder acting technique of
Penn Jillette golden stinkers a treasury
of deleted scenes Behrami
three electric blue peru i have a drawl
Futurama and ten difficult steps 3d
models with animated discussion Zapp
Brannigan's guide to making love that
had a woman hilarious Bender's movie
theatre etiquette vendor total paper
joke zero g Matt and David space season
5 first-day footage of David X Cohen and
Matt Groening and Kent Kiehl hard at
work on Futurama tons of great stuff
even more and it's just amazing I love
you and cut it out and there it is
there's that there's the head right
there beautiful design you can see that
the rubber and tenderly fair
I have little stuffs right there so you
can place it to a little skid if you
want to place it somewhere the eyes and
the mouth then around the back this is
the door hatch opens up just phenomenal
love it this is great for people that
want to hold the whole complete set
everything ever done I don't have any of
this series and I am a big fan I have
been putting it off for a while and
finally I saw this I was like I have to
get it
pre-ordered it got it for a pretty great
price in my opinion it's everything
Futurama so far so dump done done
Futurama the complete collection 1999 to
2009 and almost 2000 minutes has all the
movies all the seasons just got this
today the box was humongous just comes
in the awesome Bender's head I've just
I'm loving it when I first heard about
this and I was made in a for comic-con
just this past comic-con I I was like I
gotta find this and I heard they weren't
releasing it in and I heard they were
releasing it and I was souped to pick
this up this is amazing comes with fully
functional antenna nice right there
I'll show you the different sides
complete collection let's see some of
these special features special features
full-length audio commentary on all
episodes and adventures deleted scenes
storyboard character art and how to draw
galleries animatics 3d models pencil
test featurettes
and infinitely more quantity not
actually infinite very cool 72 uncut
episodes and for epic feature-length
adventures all a 19 cloris distant
alright I'm going to open this up and
see what the inside looks like this is
just awesome
loving it so far that's what it looks
like opened it was a pain in the butt to
open actually but uh very securely done
so that's that's what was a plus there's
a little antenna that I guess you can
attach right there I just want to show
quick thing of that real quick there's a
little padding part right there there's
the back of it and I will show you the
rest once I get it all out of here and
there it is all together then kinda had
to be attached and kind of screwed on
but its secure and the design of this is
just really really well done it's a
great idea and I'm very pleased to pick
it up there's the front of it right
there turn around and this is the back
and as little right there the creator
Matt Groening also of The Simpsons and
yet has a little tab right here there
you go it's all opened um I'll be honest
it was a pain in the butt to open
it's definitely very secure its padded
right here on the inside nice padding
and then there's all the disks right
there okay you just pull them out like
their volume one part one
very neat disc art as well and there
they all are inside of it right there
pretty cool and you just seal it back up
tons of special features on here I
definitely let me know what you guys
think of this of this design what you
think of the show
what one of your favorite episodes are
and who's your favorite character as
well definitely let me know that for me
I think it's probably bender actually so
that's pretty cool again lots of special
features on here and the design of this
is really well done I just want to check
out some of the full-length audio
commentary the deleted scenes will be
cool to check out the models the pencil
tats pencil tests lots of featurettes
definitely I want to check out a the
beast with a billion back they haven't
seen that one that's the only movie
parts the movie one that I haven't seen
I really enjoyed into the wild green
yonder and Bender's Big Score those are
both really good but this is really a
must have for any Futurama fan that
doesn't already have some of the series
too but again there's lots of other
features and stuff on here too but I
definitely know who you guys think let
me know who your favorite character is
and what your one of your favorite
episodes and movie is so definitely let
me know about that I'll leave a comments
video response whatever you like and let
me know alright I hope everybody's doing
well take care
you